---
title: Octavius
icon: people/person
---
### Master of Torture Octavius Westcott (a.k.a. The Torment)

# Physical Description
## General Physical Condition
Octavius has always been a short man standing at only 5'4", which always presented a challenge when trying to gain the respect of other recruits and even similarly ranked officers. However this didn't stop him, just gave him more fire and drive to pursue excellence. He was very physically fit when he was active in Royal Army, but since he joined the [Hand of Den Gru'le](/magusTerraWiki/zones/southlands/cavernsofdengrule/handofdengrule/) the wretched magic has started to wither his body as it does for all warlocks. He is still decently fit unlike the other warlocks who are wasting away but while he practices the dark magic he is unable to get back to the level of health and fitness he was at in the army.

## Identifying Characteristics
Despite his best efforts to keep the blood off of him, Octavius seems to always have s splattering somewhere on his body, be it his clothes, his hands, or his face. It is just so difficult to avoid the blood with how close and personal he gets with his victims.

## Apparel & Accessories
Octavius can always be spotted wearing his [Hand of Den Gru'le](/magusTerraWiki/zones/southlands/cavernsofdengrule/handofdengrule/) beret. It is a style choice he picked up when he was a General in the Royal Army and he hasn't been able to shake it. However, he made sure to change the emblem on the front from the Kings Sigil to the Hand of Den Gru'le Claw.
 
As well he often wears a leather smock to keep the blood from his subjects off his actual clothes. It has useful pockets for his torturing equipment, should he choose to use physical devices.

# Mental characteristics
## Personal history
Octavius was a prominent military leader in one of the royal armies. Every morning he would walk amongst the tents or barracks and mingle with the men. Ask them about their families, and make sure they had enough supplies and kept their equipment in good condition. He prided himself on having a name for every face in his army. But he was always eager to go home to his daughter Samantha. Since his wife had died from a mysterious illness it was difficult for Samantha and Octavius. He had to hire a nanny to take care of Samantha until he got home, but he would love to make dinner with her and go out for walks with her, he'd often bring back little surprises for her like dolls from the market or tools to help out on the farm.
 
Until the fateful day when there was an assassination attempt on his life. He was out of the country on a military assignment but the assassins were caught by Samantha and the nanny, and they couldn't leave any witnesses. Octavius came home to their mangled bodies strewn on the floor in a puddle of blood. He fell to the floor, speechless, tears welling in his eyes. Such innocence, and potential wasted, he had no one left, who could have done this, why, what could they have gained how would he find them? The thoughts rushed through his head like raging rapids leaving behind only pain and hopelessness. After this day he was a changed man, he no longer walked amongst his men, nor did he look forward to going home. He would have meals prepared for him and brought to his office or battle tent where he would work through the night hunting for clues of what happened.
 
He eventually found the evidence that the murders weren't just from a robbery but rather an assassination attempt on his life gone wrong. He started to wonder who could gain from killing him and the answer was glaringly obvious. His fellow army commanders. Not the soldiers so much but the men just below him clawing for any kind of promotion to be the next great military leader. It must have been one of them, and he must know which one. He was going to find out and they were going to pay.
 
He started questioning his direct reports, trying to figure out any information that he could. His men weren't very helpful and the questioning turned into interrogations. The men became more tight-lipped as they realized something was wrong and didn't want to be incriminated. But Octavius had to know! He started to torture them to get the answer he needed. This went on for some time until somebody got the courage enough to report him, and he was kicked out of the army and banished from the kingdom. But he still didn't know who Samantha's killer was.
 
Banished, disgraced and alone Octavius couldn't give up on his hunt as he was determined to cause his daughter's assassins as much suffering as possible. He worked to perfect his skill at torturing, he had some military training but needed to take it to another level. He started to kidnap people, usually beggars and lone travelers walking through the forest near his hideout. He would try to keep them alive as long as possible so he wouldn't have to go get more victims as he worked towards the most painful torture he could think of. Then one day he was visited at his hideout by a cloaked man with glowing green eyes, and tattoos all over his body. The man had somehow heard about Octavius's torturing prowess despite Octavius thinking he was quite secretive about it. Octavius was ready to fight when the mysterious man offered him a proposition. The man told Octavius that he could provide Octavius with a secure hideout, and an endless supply of victims to perfect his torturing technique. The mysterious man could even show Octavius a new type of torture that not only hurts the body but the soul as well. All that Octavius had to do was take notes, and report back to this man as he developed new techniques. Octavius was hesitant to agree, how could a trustworthy man be promising such horrible things? But there was one last selling point this man had. He had recently come by a young girl who was orphaned when her parents were brutally murdered in their house. The man had no clue how to take care of the young girl and she would likely die unless Octavius looked after her and protected her. This was his second chance he couldn't save his little girl, but this girl could have a chance at a future if he only agreed to work with this mysterious man. It was too much for him to say no.
 
Octavius came to know this mysterious man as [Den Gru'le](/magusTerraWiki/zones/southlands/cavernsofdengrule/characters/dengrule/) the leader of a warlock clan that specializes in harvesting energy through spreading pain. Den Gru'le stayed true to his word and gave him a secure facility, and an endless supply of victims to practice torturing. As well he taught him how to use warlock magic to torture the soul and body without using any tools and even how to harness magical energy from the pain of his victims. Octavius had everything he needed to destroy the men who harmed his daughter many years ago. He even started to summon small demons using the magic he harness to help him to hunt down the men he was after. And he worked tirelessly at perfecting that art of torture as Den Gru'le requested.
 
At the same time he attentively looked after the young girl [Olivia](/magusTerraWiki/zones/southlands/cavernsofdengrule/characters/olivia/) protected her against the other nefarious warlocks and as soon as she was remotely old enough he got her invested in the work that he was doing. He knew she could never have a normal life, but that doesn't mean she couldn't be happy. He tried to make his torturing endeavors as fun as possible almost treating them like games so that Olivia would enjoy herself. She would bring him tools at first, then he taught her how to use some of the tools to torture the victims, eventually so learned how to use the warlocks magic as well, and by the time she was a preteen she was the 3rd best torturer in the clan just behind Octavius and Den Gru'le.
 
Many years passed and Olivia became a full-blown warlock herself, she was one of the most powerful warlocks of the clan since she started training from such a young age. She was now working for the clan to protect it and interact with the nearby village. Octavius was still on the hunt for the murderers of his daughter when Den Gru'le brought a young girl for Octavius to torture. He tried to refuse because he couldn't imagine himself torturing an innocent child. Adults were one thing but a child, one like his own daughter he sought so much to avenge, he couldn't stomach it. But Den Gru'le ever looking for the opportunity to assert his control forced Octavius to torture the young girl. He threatened to harm Olivia if Octavius didn't do as he said. Octavius knew that Den Gru'le would follow through with his threat and powerful as he and Olivia were they would still be no match for the ancient warlock. He had no choice but to comply, and doing so damn near killed him. He broke what little moral code he had and he couldn't handle the pain. After that day he never wanted to torture again, he even gave up his lifelong quest to avenge his daughter, but he couldn't stop torturing for fear of what would happen to Olivia's.

# Personality Characteristics
## Motivation
When Octavius was still in the army his daughter, Samantha, was murdered during an unsuccessful assassination attempt on his life. He hunted for the murderers for years all the while perfecting the art of torture so he could inflict as much pain on them as they did to him [Den Gru'le](/magusTerraWiki/zones/southlands/cavernsofdengrule/characters/dengrule/) heard of his torturing ability through rumors and horror stories and decided to seek him out. Upon finding him Den Gru'le promised to show Octavius a new kind of torture, one using magic, as well as provide him with plenty of test subjects so he can further protect his craft. All that Octavius had to do was to take notes on his findings and perfect the technique by both keeping his subjects alive for as many sessions as possible and finding the best way to harvest as much Tohrment as possible. If this wasn't enough Den Gru'le even told Octavius that he had found a young orphaned girl left alone after a grizzly murder of some villagers at the edge of town. Den Gru'le knew not how to take care of the girl and thought Octavius would be the perfect father figure to ensure she stayed safe.
 
Octavius was blown away by this offer, a safe place to practice further his technique for torture, and even a daughter who needed him. He could give her the life he could never give Samantha.
 
Many years passed and [Olivia](/magusTerraWiki/zones/southlands/cavernsofdengrule/characters/olivia/) had grown up and was working for the [Hand of Den Gru'le](/magusTerraWiki/zones/southlands/cavernsofdengrule/handofdengrule/) when Den Gru'le himself came to Octavius with a demand. He wanted Octavius to torture a child. Octavius resisted as he could never harm an innocent child as his daughter had been, but Den Gru'le threatened to harm Olivia if he didn't do as he was told. Torturing the child broke Octavius, he couldn't live with himself after breaking what little life code he had. From that point on he detested torturing people and gave up his lifelong quest to exact revenge on Samantha's murderers. But he had made a pact with Den Gru'le long ago. and Den Gru'le made it clear to Octavius the severity of the consequences for breaking that pact. There was nothing he could do but comply, for Olivia's sake.

## Likes & Dislikes
Octavius has never been able to shake his roots as a military man and still actively finds ways to exercise.