---
title: Seacliff
bannerImage: /maps/snowRegion.png
---

SeaCliff is a small southern village built upon a snowy coastal cliff side. The harsh freezing windy conditions have led the villagers to live life primarily based on necessity and mutual relationships. Every individual in society dedicates their life to developing an essential skill or a set of essential skills that they offer up to the community free of charge. In return, the rest of the community will provide for them as well. As one might imagine this is a very delicate balance and any individuals who don't pull their weight can easily throw the balance off. As a result, society has fair but strict rules. If the town doesn't feel an individual is pulling their weight the individual will be formally warned by pages of the [Council of Elders](/magusTerraWiki/zones/seacliff/seaclifforganizations/councilofelders/). If their behavior doesn't improve they will be called in front of the Council of Elders and individuals in the community will be able to speak on behalf of or against them. The Council of Elders will decide the fate of the individual, if they are banished to the frozen wastes, likely to result in death, or if they are allowed to remain in the village because they provide enough value that they are worth keeping around.
 
One of the most unique features of SeaCliff is its [Communal Bath House](/magusTerraWiki/zones/seacliff/communalbathhouse/). There is a hot spring at the top of the cliff SeaCliff is developed on and it is used as the bath house for the entire community.

# Government
The village is primarily self-governed, and there is an immense amount of respect between the villagers. The village's highest authority is the [Council of Elders](/magusTerraWiki/zones/seacliff/seaclifforganizations/councilofelders/), this is a small group of elder villagers who are experts at their craft and generally considered the wisest of all the villagers.
 
Trial System: When there is a dispute the Council of Elders will gather with the community and the individuals in dispute will be given a short amount of time to explain each of their sides of the story. Then anyone in the community will be given the opportunity to speak on behalf of either party. Finally, the Council of Elders will make the final decision and the enforcers will carry it out whatever it may be.
 
The community and elders try to be as understanding as possible but the harsh conditions of SeaCliff mean that there is no time for wavering or misconduct. As a result, when an individual is found guilty they are given a small supply of resources and banished from the community. This is not a guaranteed death sentence but without the support of the community, survival is unlikely.

# Defenses
The primary defenses of SeaCliff are environment and obscurity. The harsh environment around SeaCliff makes it very difficult for any foreigners to invade. As well there is hardly any reason for any foreigners to invade because the area is so barren that there are few resources worth the effort.
 
That being said there are still a few natural enemies, every so often some hungry wildlife will attempt to steal some point at which case the hunters can usually dispatch them quickly.
 
On the rare chance that the residents of SeaCliff are attacked by some external entity or some natural disaster hits the community relies on the [Lunar Monks](/magusTerraWiki/zones/seacliff/seaclifforganizations/lunarmonks/) to protect them. These monks have dedicated their lives to studying the two moons that orbit the planet and as a result, have developed some mystical powers associated with the moons.

# Industry & Trade
SeaCliff is largely isolated and dependent upon itself. Due to the harsh conditions in the frigid south, they are primarily focused on survival and their economic system has developed to reflect that. There are very few luxuries in SeaCliff because they are unnecessary. Instead, society works together to ensure that as many people survive as possible. There is no concept of money in society only trading, favors, duty, and reputation. Every member of society works from a young age to develop a highly valued skill necessary for sustaining the community. Over several years they hone their skill and become experts at their craft.
 
They offer their services free of charge to anyone in the community with the understanding that everyone else in the community does the same to ensure that the whole community survives. In this way, each and every individual is provided for.
 
All that being said, the residents of SeaCliff do have a large fleet of sea-faring vessels. These ships allow for the ever-important fishing trade that provides the primary sustenance for the villagers. However, they can also on rare occasions be used for voyages out to more northern ports for some of the rarer goods that they can't create for themselves.

# Architecture
The architecture of SeaCliff is much like the rest of society simple and based on necessity. The standard dwellings are small one-room wooden buildings. The small but heavy wooden doors are reinforced so that no strong winds can blow them in. Stones from the rocky shore below are used to make safe fireplaces that heat the entirety of the small dwellings. In the farthest corner from the fireplace, there is a trap door in the wooden floorboards that leads to an ice box dug in the ground to preserve perishable items. There are no windows in the dwellings, they let out too much heat, and the sun doesn't show enough for them to be worth it. The natives sleep in woven hammocks that are lined with furs to insulate and provide extra comfort.

# Geography
SeaCliff is located in the southernmost reaches of the world. The village is built upon the Eastward facing the sheer face of an icy cliff that leads down to the seaside where the village harbor is located. The villagers settled here because of the natural hot spring that provides the villagers with a much-needed supply of warm water. The excess water from this hot spring runs into a rushing ice-cold river that turns into a beautiful but dangerous waterfall that marks the southernmost edge of the village. There is also a sprawling [IronWood forest](/magusTerraWiki/zones/seacliff/wildlife/ironwoodtrees/) at the top of the cliff side that provides the villagers with a plentiful supply of lumber for dwellings and ships as well as firewood. The constant snowfall on the rich evergreen branches is truly a sight to behold. There is a rocky shore at the base of the cliff that leads out to the frigid sea which provides a bountiful resource of fish the villagers are reliant on for survival.

# Natural Resources
SeaCliff doesn't have much wildlife, but one thing that the village has a plentiful resource of is sea life. The frigid sea that the town got its name from contains a bountiful amount of cold water fish. SeaCliff has essentially built its society off of the marine life coming up with unconventional uses for all the parts of the fish that they catch. There are also some carnivorous sea mammals that can live both in water and on land. These animals have thick fur coats that the natives will use for clothing, furnishing, and insolation to keep the warmth in their dwellings. The rich forest at the top of the cliff provides plenty of firewood and lumber for villagers, as well their incredibly durable nature is lauded in the Northern lands. The Seaclifftons don't like to transport full logs across the treacherous **Ischular Strait** making the [IronWood Trees](/magusTerraWiki/zones/seacliff/wildlife/ironwoodtrees/) exceptionally rare in the Northern Lands. But the Seaclifftons will relatively often bring barrels of goods and other smaller wares made from the IronWood Trees to the Northern Ports. Also, some of the more spiritual individuals of the Northern lands believe the purely natural water from the hot springs holds specific healing properties and are willing to trade some rare goods for small bottles of the water. The natives of SeaCliff don't pay these legends much heed but are glad for the desirability of the water.