---
title: Tim The Hermit
---
# Mental characteristics
## Intellectual Characteristics
Tim would spend hours upon hours near The Volcanic Fields  when he was young observing the wildlife that lived there. Many would have used this knowledge to hunt or conquer the vast unclaimed land but Tim simply wanted to understand the creatures and move amongst them. At the age of 7, he discovered he could take the reeds out of a [Pokey](/magusTerraWiki/zones/volcanicfields/wildlife/pokey/)  plant and stick them in his nostrils to filter out the toxins in the air of The Volcanic Fields . This discovery was a turning point for him as it allowed him to venture longer and deeper into the fields to learn more about the animals. He hasn't shared this information with anybody.
 
As time went on he learned more from the creatures in the The Fields  so that he could better live amongst them in harmony. He realized There was water within the Pokey  which he was able to drink as it was already filtered by the reeds. As well once he became acquainted with the Giant Fire Tarantulas  he observed that the substances that were so toxic to him were actually their nutrients. After they suck the toxins out of [RockSponges](/magusTerraWiki/zones/volcanicfields/wildlife/rocksponge/)  the sponges die away and as they decompose their hard exterior wilts into a soft spongy material that Tim can eat.

## Taboos
Tim spent his time exploring animals, geography, and especially unique adaptations of nature around the scorching toxic Volcanic Fields . His constant adventures in the toxic fields slowly helped him to build up a tolerance to the otherwise toxic gasses. When he was 13 his parents passed away to natural causes and with no real connections to his home village, he ran off to the fields that he knew and loved so much. Over time he started to focus on increasing his tolerance for the toxic gas through exposure, meditation, and a cocktail of natural adaptations he has learned from the nature around him. He was eventually resilient enough that he could be exposed to the toxic gas constantly, though it did affect his mental state slightly, allowing him to stay in the fields and learn about them even further, also providing a form of a haven for him against humans who may want to prey on him for his odd nature. With his newfound advantage of unlimited time in The Volcanic Fields , Tim was able to observe and interact with nature even more. He was able to get extraordinarily close to the wildlife and even walk amongst them without being attacked by the often hostile beasts. His favorite creatures to interact with were the Giant Fire Tarantulas . One fateful day he was able to save a lone spider egg from certain death at the hand of the lava flows. He took care of the spider until it hatched and kept it as a pet and a friend.